1. Basic information
Team number (e.g., 01) : 
#1 Student ID : 1360510
#1 Student Name : Jonathan Balasingham
#2 Student ID : 
#2 Student Name : Ryan Brounley
#3 Student ID : 
#3 Student Name : Steven Rodriguez


2. Catalog information about Index
- Show what catalog information you store for an index. 
First and foremost we needed to store the names of the attributes we were working with. 

3. Index Nested Loop Join
- Describe how your Index Nested Loop Join works.


4. Implementation Detail
- Have you added your own source file (.cc or .h)?
  No we did not.

- Have you implemented any optional features? Then, describe them here.

- Other implementation details:

  Filter: 
  
    Here i will go through the implementations features of the filter class.
    
    Constructor:
    Ive added an iterator, vector and Comparison fields to the Filter class to assist in holding information.
    All the constructor does is intitlize the firsst two of these fields, the third will be filled later.
    
    getNextTuple:
    I implemented this function recursively since most of it could be  partitioned into a single helper function.
    In this case that helper function is called verify, as the name suggests
    
    getAttributes:
    outsources the work to the Iterator class, isnt really used since we intitlize with constructor.
    


5. Other (optional)
- Freely use this section to tell us about things that are related to the project 4, but not related to the other sections (optional)


IMPORTANT**:

We could not figure out how to fix the compilation issues from qetest_05 and beyond. We tried everything that fixed the 
previous undefined reference problems and nothing worked. Everything was added to the makefile, order was changed around so
the dependencies were properly configured, the correct codebase was downloaded too, we even change where the class 
was located and nothing seemed to work. 

we decided it would be better to try to write out the implementation to hopefully try to get as much credit as possible. 
Unfortunately, without tests we couldnt verify our code to be correct, (it probably isnt since there were a multitude of
bugs within the the making of the first 4 tests that do work).
With that being said, please have mercy. 




